Replace `page-version` with `current` in links (#260)
neo4j/docs-java-reference: modules/ROOT/pages/jmx-metrics.adoc

This topic describes how to access JMX for Neo4j DBMS to monitor metrics.

Neo4j provides different levels of monitoring facilities to supply a continuous overview of the system's health.

> For a description of the monitoring options, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/monitoring[Neo4j Operations Manual -> Monitoring].

Author: ```suggestion
For a description of the monitoring options, see link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/monitoring[Neo4j Operations Manual -> Monitoring].
```

Many of the metrics are exposed through link:https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/javase/javamanagement.html[JMX^].

[NOTE]
====
The available JMX MBeans and their names have been updated in Neo4j 4.0.

> Beans that duplicate metrics or monitoring options, described in link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/monitoring/metrics/reference/#jvm-metrics[Neo4j Operations Manual -> Monitoring], have been removed.

Author: ```suggestion
Beans that duplicate metrics or monitoring options, described in link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/monitoring/metrics/reference/#jvm-metrics[Neo4j Operations Manual -> Monitoring], have been removed.
```

====

[[jmx-remote]]
== Adjusting remote JMX access to Neo4j

By default, the Neo4j Enterprise edition does not allow remote JMX connections.

> To enable this feature, you need to enable JMX Remote Management and also configure JMX for secure remote access, in the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/current/configuration/neo4j-conf[_conf/neo4j.conf_ file].

Author: ```suggestion
To enable this feature, you need to enable JMX Remote Management and also configure JMX for secure remote access, in the link:{neo4j-docs-base-uri}/operations-manual/{page-version}/configuration/neo4j-conf[_conf/neo4j.conf_ file].
```
